# Front page
- Title
- Authors (including matriculation numbers)
- Link to a repository with your code
- Lecture name
- Date
Do not use the logo of the university or its institutions.
## Table of contents (automatically generated by LaTeX)
## Abstract
- Give an executive summary of your goals (including motivation and justication), your
work in this study, the results, and your contributions to the eld.
## Introduction
- Describe the context of the research project: To which general subeld does your project
belong? What are the overarching goals of this subeld? Which application is addressed?
- What are your research questions? Why are these questions interesting/relevant? Why
are they hard to answer? Here you justify your research/replication eort.
- Dene the objectives and state possible limitations of your study design explicitly.
## Background
- Explain the basics of the application addressed by your method.
- Describe the data you are going to work with. Explain briey how these data were
measured/collected and curated/annotated. Substantiate why these data are suitable to
answer your research questions.
- Introduce the necessary theory and general methodology your research is based on (e.g.
the basic architecture of the networks to be used, the loss functions and learning algorithms that are relevant for you).
- Summarize related work from the literature. Discuss the pros and cons of alternative/-
competing methods and justify your own approach.
## Methods
- How did you specialize the general theory and methodology from section 4 to your specic
setting? Which variants of the basic design are you going to implement and compare?
Which ideas of your own did you add?
- How do you dene success? Which metrics, algorithms, and data do you use to measure
it?
- How did you plan the project, allocated resources, and organized the teamwork? How
did the project actually work out, if dierent from the original plan?
- Which diculties did you encounter on the way and how did you overcome them?
## Experiments and Results
- How did did set up and conduct your experiments? It is especially important to plan
and cunduct the experimente systematically and justify why these experiments answer
the research questions.
- What were the results? Results should rst be reported purely objectivly and impartially.
Use gures eectively  get your points across with a few convincing diagrams, rather
than many gures that report every detail.
- Discussion: What do these results mean in relation to the research questions and goal?
(this can also go to a section of its own)
## Conclusions and Outlook
- Were you able to answer your research questions? If yes, what is the take home message?
If not, what should be done dierently?
- What conlusions do you draw from the outcomes?
- What should be done next?
## References
